I'm tired.
I want to rest and go back
Concubine Yanxi, what means did you use?
public interest responsibility
Since you want to invite responsibility
Then don't blame me for being rude to you.
Sister Ji
Do you have the money to pay off the debt?
Miss Lin still remembers me
I was just looking for you.
What are you looking for me for?
What you have to do now
It should be to deal with Ji Yanxi well
Grab all his money
Miss Lin, are you in a hurry?
What about his Ji Yanxi?
Can't come up with that much money
To you
Miss Lin
I just heard a surprise at my friend's place yesterday.
Human laughter
It was you who got someone to trick me into gambling
Pardon me?
I don't understand.
Don't pretend, I have evidence in hand now
You'd better hurry up and get some money into my account.
I'm going to tell you all about it
Let you live a good life